Deprecate `existingDataSeedInstance` option to CREATE DATABASE (#1821)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/create-databases.adoc

| `use`
|
Controls how the system handles existing data on disk when creating the database.

> Currently, this is only supported with `existingDataSeedInstance`, `existingDataSeedServer` and `seedURI`, and must be set to `use`, which indicates the existing data files should be used for the new database.

Reviewer: I can not make a comment above. But we should mention `existingDataSeedServer` on row 34 as well.

|`existingDataSeedServer` label:new[new in 5.25]

`existingDataSeedInstance` label:deprecated[deprecated in 5.25]
| ID of the cluster server
|
Defines which server is used for seeding the data of the created database.

> The server ID can be found in the `serverId` column after running `SHOW SERVERS`. `existingDataSeedInstance` was replaced by `existingDataSeedServer` in Neo4j 5.25.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The server ID can be found in the `serverId` column after running `SHOW SERVERS`. 
`existingDataSeedInstance` is replaced by `existingDataSeedServer` in Neo4j 5.25.
```

| `aligned` \| `standard` \| `high_limit` \| `block`
|
Defines the store format if the database created is new.

> If the store is seeded with `seedURI`, `existingDataSeedInstance` or `existingDataSeedServer`, or if the command is being used to mount pre-existing store files already present on the disk, they will use their current store format without any alterations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the store is seeded with `seedURI`, `existingDataSeedInstance` or `existingDataSeedServer`, or if the command is used to mount pre-existing store files already present on the disk, they will retain their current store format without any modifications.
```
